# Barcode-Enabled-Attendance-Record-System
The windows task manager is a program that will show the current processes that are running in your system. But what if the details of the applications or the processes running in the system can be got on your mobile device through the use of some application? Yes, it is possible. The windows task manager is an application that will display the programs and processes that are running in your computer. You can get to know about the processes and programs that are running in your system if you have forgotten to shut down the system. This application will allow the user to know the current status of his system from anywhere and at anytime. He can even track the programs and the processes that his employees are working on. This will be one of the interesting applications that one can work on.Attendance is one of the risk factor that always bothers the employees in the organization. In some organizations, the attendance will not be tracked and stored properly. It might be stored manually through the use of pen and paper. There might be even situations where the person in charge of noting down the employees absent on the particular day forgets to write about it. It helps the organization to keep an eye on the employee’s attendance. It can also help in warning the employee if the number of days that he was absent has exceeded the maximum limit. The features that can be included in this application are as follows:  Student and employees database management: The details of the employees of the organization and students of the institutions will be stored in the database. Attendance: The attendance details will also be mentioned in the organization in a well organized way. Performance: The performance details of the employees and the students will also be mentioned in this application. Previous attendance records: The previous attendance of the employees can be recorded easily through this application.
